[Link to Rides Demo](https://youtu.be/X6AXmeYve0s)

[Link to Node App](http://ec2-52-53-254-200.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com:3500)


### About Rides API
The module is designed to help the user view all his rides and also book a new ride.

## Database Used

* MongoDB Sharded Cluster: MongoDB has been used so that rides can be consistent across the nodes.
  
  Details stored in Mongo DB : 
  1. Rides id : generated by bson object
  2. Customer id: provided by user
  3. StartLocation: Location from where user starts his ride
  4. StartTime: Time picked by system while creating a ride
  5. Ride Type: Type of ride picked, set to Light rail by default
  
  
 Details About Sharding :
 1. Two Shard replica sets - deployed on port 27018
 2. Two config servers - deployed on port 27019
 3. One mongos instance - deployed on port 27017

 
 Deployment :
 The sharded cluster is deployed on 7 ec2 instances
  
  
* RabbitMQ : RabbitMQ is used to store transient data. It stores the live ride data.
             Every customer has a new queue when a ride is created. A queue contains all live rides of a user.
             
  Deployment :
  A rabbitMQ docker image is deployed on Amazon EC2 instance.
             
## Backend Used

GoAPI has been used as the backend. It is deployed on port 3000. 

## Elastic Load Balancer

[Link to Elastic Load Balancer](clipper-publiv-v2-elb-128915172.us-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com)

ELB runs on top on 3 EC2 instances on which the docker image of our goAPI runs.

## Front End

* React has been used for frontend features.      
* Frontend app is deployed in a docker container and run on port 3500.
* REST Services Available:      
   * GET All Rides : Only for dev environment
   * GET Rides by customer ID : GET all ride history of a user
   * POST a new ride : Create a new ride
   * DELETE a ride : Only for dev environment
